Helm: add labels to service account (#5355)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/CHANGELOG.md

## main / unreleased

* [ENHANCEMENT] Ruler: configure the ruler storage cache when the metadata cache is enabled. #5326

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Service Account: allow to add labels. #5355

Reviewer: nit: might be clearer with
```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Service Account: allow adding labels to the service account. #5355
```
